This is the original TSB Loader tool, written by the original author.

<b>This tool is mostly superseeded by the tsbloader_advanced.</b>
tsbloader_advanced can perform all the same tasks that this original function performs, while being cross platform compatible, faster and by fixing a few bugs as well.<br/>
It is also written in a more modern C# and compiled with Mono for cross platform compilibility.

TSBLoader is a PC software to interact with the bootloader on the slave device to flash, manage eeprom, etc.
This original version compiles with FreeBasic.

- The original version is capable of producing FIRMWARE binaries to install directly on your processor (without having to compile from ASM).
  This feature is not present in the tsbloader_advanced and this may be a use case for it, despite its development being deprecated in this repository.
  Note, however, the produced bootloader files are based on a precompiled 2015 version of the bootloader that contains a bug if you connect your devices in a Daisy chain. This is detailed in the issue tracker.
  If you don't use your devices connected in a Daisy Chain, this is probably the easiest way to generate the binaries for your processor.

- This version also contains a bug when dumping the content of one of the memories in binary format (it trims the last byte). It works fine when dumping in Intel HEX format.
  See the issue tracker for more information.

We are no longer maintaining this tool and have since developed tsbloader_advanced tool, written in C#/Mono and host of new capabilities.
The new tool also has a "patch" mode to work around the bug present in the bootloader binaries that have the daisy chain bug (the 2015xxxx version and earlier, including the ones generated by this tool).
The patch essentially explores the bug and forces the the devices that are not the target of the bootloader sesson to boot. By booting they etrminate the botloader session and meaning the bug won't disrupt communications.
This, obvisouly, only works if your main app is silent on the communications port after it boots. (otherwise its pointless)



